---
layout: default
title: Export/Report Files check status in batch
---

<!-- WARNING: This is an automatically generated file.  Do not modify directly.  See script/generate-docs. -->

<h2><a name="resource-export_files_check_batch">Export/Report Files (check status in batch)</a></h2>

<p>Stability: <code>production</code></p>

<p>Closely mimics the &quot;Recent Files&quot; screen in the WebAdMIT application.  This call will display all export files that have recently run under a particular identity, and their status.  Importantly, the download URL is <em>not</em> displayed in this response as these individual expiring URLs can only be generated by calling for the status of an individual file directly using the previous call.  You can use the results of this call and loop through each one to get a download URL for each export file marked as &quot;Available&quot;.</p>


<h3>Attributes</h3>

<table><thead>
<tr>
<th>Name</th>
<th>Type</th>
<th>Description</th>
<th>Example</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>
<tr>
<td><strong>export_files/export_id</strong></td>
<td><em>integer</em></td>
<td>Unique identifier of the associated export.</td>
<td><code>86446</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>export_files/href</strong></td>
<td><em>string</em></td>
<td>Hypertext reference to this resource.<br/> <strong>pattern:</strong> <code>/api/v1/exports/\d+/export_files/\d+</code></td>
<td><code>&quot;/api/v1/exports/86466/export_files/74780&quot;</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>export_files/id</strong></td>
<td><em>integer</em></td>
<td>Unique identifier of this export file.</td>
<td><code>74780</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>export_files/status</strong></td>
<td><em>string</em></td>
<td>Current status of this export file.<br/> <strong>one of:</strong><code>&quot;Initializing&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;Queued&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;In Progress&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;Available&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;Success With Errors&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;Empty List&quot;</code> or <code>&quot;Failed&quot;</code></td>
<td><code>&quot;Available&quot;</code></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>href</strong></td>
<td><em>string</em></td>
<td>Hypertext reference to this resource.<br/> <strong>pattern:</strong> <code>/api/v1/user_identities/\d+/export_files</code></td>
<td><code>&quot;/api/v1/user_identities/37442/export_files&quot;</code></td>
</tr>
</tbody></table>

<h3><a name="link-GET-export_files_check_batch-/api/v1/user_identities/:user_identity_id/export_files">Export/Report Files (check status in batch) List</a></h3>

<p>The response is the collection of ids and statuses of the running exports for a specific identity within a user’s WebAdMIT profile.</p>

<pre><code>GET /api/v1/user_identities/:user_identity_id/export_files
</code></pre>

<h4>Curl Example</h4>

<pre lang="bash"><code>$ curl -n https://api.webadmit.org/api/v1/user_identities/:user_identity_id/export_files \
  -H &quot;x-api-key: 0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef&quot;
</code></pre>

<h4>Response Example</h4>

<pre><code>HTTP/1.1 200 OK
</code></pre>

<pre lang="json"><code>{
  &quot;href&quot;: &quot;/api/v1/user_identities/37442/export_files&quot;,
  &quot;export_files&quot;: [
    {
      &quot;id&quot;: 74780,
      &quot;href&quot;: &quot;/api/v1/exports/86466/export_files/74780&quot;,
      &quot;export_id&quot;: 86446,
      &quot;status&quot;: &quot;Available&quot;
    }
  ]
}
</code></pre>

<h3>Not Found</h3>

<h4>Specific error messages</h4>

<p>When the user_identity is not found</p>

<pre lang="json"><code>{
  &quot;message&quot;: &quot;User identity &#39;999&#39; not found.&quot;
}
</code></pre>

<p>When the program is not found</p>

<pre lang="json"><code>{
  &quot;message&quot;: &quot;Program &#39;99999999999&#39; not found.&quot;
}
</code></pre>

<p>When the applicant is not found</p>

<pre lang="json"><code>{
  &quot;message&quot;: &quot;Applicant &#39;99999999999&#39; not found.&quot;
}
</code></pre>

<p>When the custom field is not found</p>

<pre lang="json"><code>{
  &quot;message&quot;: &quot;CustomeField &#39;99999999999&#39; not found.&quot;
}
</code></pre>

<p>While these error messages are most often associated with resources that don&#39;t exist when making a <code>GET</code> request, please note that the same messages are also the response during <code>POST</code>, <code>PUT</code>, and <code>PATCH</code> requests if any resources specified by parameters cannot be found.</p>

<h4>Generic error message (legacy error)</h4>

<pre><code>HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
</code></pre>

<pre lang="json"><code>{
  &quot;message&quot;: &quot;Not Found&quot;
}
</code></pre>

<p>Liaison is currently phasing out this error message in favor of more descriptive messages.  If you encounter this message, please contact your Liaison representative with a detail description of the API request you made and one of our engineers will update the API.</p>

<h3>Unauthorized</h3>

<h4>Response Example</h4>

<pre><code>HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
</code></pre>

<p>(Empty response body.)</p>

